docs: refactor bullet-list format and text in introduction (#563)
ratatui-org/ratatui-website: src/content/docs/introduction.md

Ratatui is designed for developers and enthusiasts who:

- want a lightweight alternative to graphical user interfaces (GUIs)

> - need applications that are to be deployed in constrained environments (for ex. on servers with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- need applications that are to be deployed in constrained environments (e.g. on servers with
```
